Clarify PII info (#53)
ietf-wg-scitt/draft-ietf-scitt-architecture: draft-ietf-scitt-architecture.md

Some Transparency Services may publish every Transparent Statement in their logs, to facilitate their dissemination and auditing.
Others may just return Receipts to clients that present Singed Statements for registration, and disclose the ledger only to auditors trusted with the confidentiality of its contents.

> A collection of Transparent Statements must not leak information about the contents of other Transparent Statements registered on the Ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A collection of Transparent Statements must not leak information about the contents of other Transparent Statements registered on the Transparency Service.
```

Nonetheless, Issuers should carefully review the inclusion of private/confidential materials in their Statements.

> For example, issuers should remove Personally Identifiable Information (PII) as clear text in the statement.

Reviewer 2: There are cases where pii is exactly the information that we want to include and verify in the ledger, for example in genealogical applications. So I would say `issuers should not unnecessarily include` pii as clear text.

Reviewer: We should leave this to a generic statement, like as much as possible PII as clear statements should be avoided (unless the use case demands it).

Author: Concerns around the term PII, as its definition is inconsistent across various governing bodies.
Should we:
- use a more generic reference for the user to be aware of the type of confidential materials?
- use PII as a bucket, that can be interpreted by the user, for the scenario?

A payload can contain:
- clear text - transparent
- opaque, as they may be encrypted
- a link to an external service/storage
